completed codepen: https://codepen.io/pargyy/pen/LYpPYwB?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
The proccess of providing meaning to your content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is the foundation for creating webpages.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
An attribute provides additional information about an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
The h1 tag is the main header tag and should only be used once per page.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Two tags that require attributes are the anchor tag and the image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata, file and file links.
    7. What is an id? 
An id is a selector that can only be used on one element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
Any elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
only once.
    10. What is a class? 
A class is a selector that can be used on multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
You can use a class as many times as you want on a page.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Middle Mouse Click
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
For people with disabilitys who are not able to see the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
#(ID NAME){}
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
The section tag describes different sections in the HTML document while div is just a divider in an html document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
CSS is used to style a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class is usually used more than once and an ID is only for selecting one element. You might use a class to set specfic fonts sizes and colors to different
elements while an ID would be used only to make changes to a specific element.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.(classname){}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
A parent child selector is a selector that selects child and parent elements this is useful for selecting elements that are not currently there and may be placed there in
the future.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
a pseudo selector selects elements in a certain state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
padding
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: capitalize; , text-transform: lowercase; , text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
*/ Comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm the command does not give any comfirmation before deleting the selected file
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Just in case the code breaks you and revert back to an older version when the code was working
    35. How often should I commit to github?
every 15-20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
1. Fork the github repo
2. Add your team lead as a collaborator
3. Copy the cloning link and in git use the command git clone {clone url}
4. change directory to the directory the repo went
5. git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create a branch of the project
6. git commit -m "{message}"
7. git push -u origin branch-name
8. Submit a pull request on the branch you created and request a review from your TL

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
An inline element is an element that only occupies the space in the tags insead of having to change to a different page where a block element occupies the entire space of
its parent element.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
The position of the element is fixed.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? \
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

